README.md, before:

# private_event
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Fanger53/telegram_bot_Alfred">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/growsurf-prod/image/upload/v1582211139/production/gnysw2objzekbagrqiax.png" alt="Logo" width="350" height="70">
  </a>
</p>
 <h1 align="center">private_event </h1>

 Basic project for authentication from scratch  and creating events  for a private party and allowing users with choice to attend events or not 
 

# Built With
- Ruby on Rails
- GitFlow 
- Sqlite3
- Rubocop

# Live Preview
![screenshot](./app/assets/images/PrivateEvents.png)
# Getting Started
You'll need to have both Ruby and Rails installed on your computer.

- In the desired directory, type `git@github.com:Fanger53/private_event.git` in the terminal.

- Then type `cd private_event` in the terminal to change the directory into the root of the project.

- Then type `bundle install && yarn install` to download the necessary gem files for the project.

- Run `rails server` to start the server for the application.

## Prerequisites
Computer running Mac OS, Windows, or Linux Ubuntu. Internet browser: Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera...

Install Ruby

Install Rails

After installing Ruby, you need to install bundler to be able to use bundle install to install gems and dependancies for this project.

## Setup

Download the code or copy the git repository to your computer.

## Usage

Navigate to the folder you cloned the git repository and to run our project type rails server in your terminal to start the a localhost so you can see the website. In your browser enter to localhost:3000 or the address that was output in rails server.

## Author 1

👤 **David Leonardo Castillo Riaño**

- GitHub: [@Fanger53](https://github.com/Fanger53)
- Twitter: [@David Leonardo Castillo](https://twitter.com/DavidLe97005129)
- LinkedIn: [@David Leonardo Castillo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-castillo-61ba10b8)

## Author 2


👤 **Che Nsoh Blanchard**

- GitHub: [@che30](https://github.com/che30)
- Twitter: [@BlanchardNsoh](https://twitter.com/che55085128 )
- LinkedIn: [Che Blanchard](https://www.linkedin.com/in/che-nsoh-9455271b0/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!



## ⭐ Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!



## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) licensed.

Commit message:

updated readme to solve error running project

README.md, after:

# private_event
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Fanger53/telegram_bot_Alfred">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/growsurf-prod/image/upload/v1582211139/production/gnysw2objzekbagrqiax.png" alt="Logo" width="350" height="70">
  </a>
</p>
 <h1 align="center">private_event </h1>

 Basic project for authentication from scratch  and creating events  for a private party and allowing users with choice to attend events or not 
 

# Built With
- Ruby on Rails
- GitFlow 
- Sqlite3
- Rubocop

# Live Preview
![screenshot](./app/assets/images/PrivateEvents.png)
# Getting Started
You'll need to have both Ruby and Rails installed on your computer.

- In the desired directory, type `git@github.com:Fanger53/private_event.git` in the terminal.

- Then type `cd private_event` in the terminal to change the directory into the root of the project.

- Then type `bundle install && yarn install` to download the necessary gem files for the project.

- Then type `yarn install -check-files` or `webpacker install if u find an error running the project `

- Run `rails server` to start the server for the application.

## Prerequisites
Computer running Mac OS, Windows, or Linux Ubuntu. Internet browser: Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera...

Install Ruby

Install Rails

After installing Ruby, you need to install bundler to be able to use bundle install to install gems and dependancies for this project.

## Setup

Download the code or copy the git repository to your computer.

## Usage

Navigate to the folder you cloned the git repository and to run our project type rails server in your terminal to start the a localhost so you can see the website. In your browser enter to localhost:3000 or the address that was output in rails server.

## Author 1

👤 **David Leonardo Castillo Riaño**

- GitHub: [@Fanger53](https://github.com/Fanger53)
- Twitter: [@David Leonardo Castillo](https://twitter.com/DavidLe97005129)
- LinkedIn: [@David Leonardo Castillo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-castillo-61ba10b8)

## Author 2


👤 **Che Nsoh Blanchard**

- GitHub: [@che30](https://github.com/che30)
- Twitter: [@BlanchardNsoh](https://twitter.com/che55085128 )
- LinkedIn: [Che Blanchard](https://www.linkedin.com/in/che-nsoh-9455271b0/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!



## ⭐ Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!



## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) licensed.
